getNFTsForOwner - Retrieves all NFTs currently owned by a specified address. This endpoint is supported on Ethereum and many L2s, including Polygon, Arbitrum, Optimism, Base, World Chain and more. See the full list of supported networks [here](https://dashboard.alchemy.com/chains?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=reference_nft-api-endpoints_nft-api-endpoints_nft-ownership-endpoints_get-nf-ts-for-owner-v-3).

### Path parameters

apiKeystringRequired

### Query parameters

ownerstringRequired

String - Address for NFT owner (can be in ENS format for Eth Mainnet).

contractAddresses\[\]list of stringsOptional

Array of contract addresses to filter the responses with. Max limit 45 contracts.

withMetadatabooleanOptionalDefaults to `true`

Boolean - if set to `true`, returns NFT metadata. Setting this to false will reduce payload size and may result in a faster API call. Defaults to `true`.

orderByenumOptional

Enum - ordering scheme to use for ordering NFTs in the response. If unspecified, NFTs will be ordered by contract address and token ID.

- transferTime: NFTs will be ordered by the time they were transferred into the wallet, with newest NFTs first. NOTE: this ordering is only supported on Ethereum Mainnet and Polygon Mainnet.

Allowed values:transferTime

excludeFilters\[\]list of enumsOptional

Array of filters (as ENUMS) that will be applied to the query. NFTs that match one or more of these filters will be excluded from the response. May not be used in conjunction with includeFilters\[\]. Filter Options:

- SPAM: NFTs that have been classified as spam. Spam classification has a wide range of criteria that includes but is not limited to emitting fake events and copying other well-known NFTs. Please note that this filter is currently supported only on Ethereum Mainnet and Matic Mainnet, and is **available exclusively on paid tiers**.
- AIRDROPS: NFTs that have were airdropped to the user. Airdrops are defined as NFTs that were minted to a user address in a transaction sent by a different address. NOTE: this filter is currently supported on Ethereum Mainnet, Ethereum Goerli, and Matic Mainnet only.
- To learn more about spam, you can refer to this: [Spam NFTs and how to fix them](https://www.alchemy.com/overviews/spam-nfts)

Allowed values:SPAMAIRDROPS

includeFilters\[\]list of enumsOptional

Array of filters (as ENUMS) that will be applied to the query. Only NFTs that match one or more of these filters will be included in the response. May not be used in conjunction with excludeFilters\[\]. Filter Options:

- SPAM: NFTs that have been classified as spam. Spam classification has a wide range of criteria that includes but is not limited to emitting fake events and copying other well-known NFTs. Please note that this filter is currently supported only on Ethereum Mainnet and Matic Mainnet, and is **available exclusively on paid tiers**.
- AIRDROPS: NFTs that have were airdropped to the user. Airdrops are defined as NFTs that were minted to a user address in a transaction sent by a different address. NOTE: this filter is currently supported on Ethereum Mainnet, Ethereum Goerli, and Matic Mainnet only.
- To learn more about spam, you can refer to this: [Spam NFTs and how to fix them](https://www.alchemy.com/overviews/spam-nfts)

Allowed values:SPAMAIRDROPS

spamConfidenceLevelenumOptional

Enum - the confidence level at which to filter spam at.

Confidence Levels:

- VERY\_HIGH
- HIGH
- MEDIUM
- LOW

The confidence level set means that any spam that is at that confidence level or higher will be filtered out. For example, if the confidence level is HIGH, contracts that we have HIGH or VERY\_HIGH confidence in being spam will be filtered out from the response.
Defaults to VERY\_HIGH for Ethereum Mainnet and MEDIUM for Matic Mainnet.

**Please note that this filter is only available on paid tiers. Upgrade your account [here](https://dashboard.alchemyapi.io/settings/billing/).**

Allowed values:VERY\_HIGHHIGHMEDIUMLOW

tokenUriTimeoutInMsintegerOptional

No set timeout by default - When metadata is requested, this parameter is the timeout (in milliseconds) for the website hosting the metadata to respond. If you want to _only_ access the cache and not live fetch any metadata for cache misses then set this value to 0.

pageKeystringOptional

String - key for pagination. If more results are available, a pageKey will be returned in the response. Pass back the pageKey as a param to fetch the next page of results.

pageSizeintegerOptionalDefaults to `100`

Number of NFTs to be returned per page. Defaults to 100. Max is 100.

### Response

Returns the list of all NFTs owned by the given address and satisfying the given input parameters.

ownedNftslist of objects or null

Array of the NFT objects corresponding to the NFTs owned by the owner

Show 11 properties

totalCountinteger or null

Integer - Total number of NFTs (distinct `tokenIds`) owned by the given address.

pageKeystring or null

validAtobject or null

Block Information of the block as of which the corresponding data is valid

Show 3 properties